feat(logs): specify log group's region for LogRetention (#9804)
aws/aws-cdk: packages/@aws-cdk/aws-logs/README.md

[retention example](test/example.retention.lit.ts)

> **Note** When using `LogRetention` to configure retention period for the log group,

Reviewer: This was missed in the previous PR - can we add a separate section in the README dedicated to the `LogRetention` construct? 

I suspect it will look something similar to - https://github.com/aws/aws-cdk/tree/master/packages/@aws-cdk/aws-lambda#singleton-function

Author: Added a new entry

[retention example](test/example.retention.lit.ts)

#### LogRetention

The `LogRetention` construct is a way to manage retention on the log groups that are implicitly created by services upon the first execution.

When using `LogRetention` to configure retention for the log group,
 a [CloudFormation custom resource](https://docs.aws.amazon.com/AWSCloudFormation/latest/UserGuide/aws-resource-cfn-customresource.html)
  is added
to the stack that pre-creates the log group as part of the stack deployment,
 if it already doesn't exist, and sets the specified log retention period (never expire, by default).
 

>  **Note** `LogRetention` can also be used to configure a retention for the log group which is in the different region than the stack itself by specifying `logGroupRegion`.
>   A typical use case for it is when using global services that publish their logs to `us-east-1` and the stack itself is created in non `us-east-1` region.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
By default, the log group will be created in the same region as the stack. The `logGroupRegion` property can be used to configure
log groups in other regions. This is typically useful when controlling retention for log groups auto-created by global services that
publish their log group to a specific region, such as AWS Chatbot creating a log group in `us-east-1`.
```
